# Electronic_Circuit_Op-Amp

In this project, we focus on linear circuit applications assuming that the op amp is an ideal  device, and also on its use as a comparator (a nonlinear circuit). The use of Op-amps in linear circuits, such as analog signal conditioning and interface, is important. Often, when designing linear circuits, we consider the Op-amp to behave as an ideal device. Once the necessary circuit functions are envisioned, the design process becomes one of designing the various stages to satisfy the specified problem. Op amps have the advantage that we can cascade stages with relatively large input impedances and small output impedances, so they are not interacting with each other. The current requirements of external components (e.g., resistors and capacitors) must be taken into account when choosing their values to ensure that they are not too large for the op amps. Once we have made sure that our design specifications are satisfied, at least in an ideal sense, we need to consider the non-ideal (practical) characteristics of the op amp and identify any potential problems that might arise.

The particular application to be considered involves the task of measuring the current of charge collected by  a rocket probe, converting the current to a voltage, removing an unwanted common-mode signal (the bias  voltage applied to the probe for charge collection), and finally doing the necessary signal processing  (voltage scaling and shifting) to ensure compatibility with the input to a telemetry system (typically, a PCM  encoder). It also is desirable to know the probe collection voltage's polarity since we expect positive charge  collection to result when the probe has a negative bias voltage, and vice versa.
